Commissioning Sequence
13
5.3 Initial filling with heat transfer liquid
After switching the computer on, the unit can be activated by
turning the main switch (6) from position 0 to position 1. This
should then cause the ALARM light to blink rapidly and the
EMPTY light to illuminate. This indicates that the actual water level is below the minimum level.
In order to initiate the filling and temperature control procedure the command AFV should be entered and acknowledged at the computer terminal. This is the initial command
of the commissioning procedure which is used to fill the system (water bath and external connected object) with the correct amount of water whilst at the same time roughly temperature controlling the water used to within ± 0.2°C of the temperature required and set by the operator.
The recommended heat transfer liquid is de-ionized water.
To prevent calcification or algae contamination, it is additionally recommended to dilute the heat transfer liquid with any
standard decalcification agent to a ratio of 1 teaspoon to 10
liters of water. These proportions should be subsequently
observed in case of topping up, in order to guarantee that the
decalcification agent content remains constant in relation to
the heat transfer liquid.
The water bath is thus filled with water until the maximum level has been reached. The water level is also shown on the
water level display window (1) at the left of the front side on
the unit. When the maximum water level has been reached,
the REFILL light extinguishes completely and the FULL light
comes on.
When the water bath is full, the internal pump and the heater
are activated. Both corresponding lights on the STATUS
panel illuminate accordingly. The heat transfer liquid in the
water bath is then continuously heated up until the actual
temperature is within ± 0.2°C of the set temperature. The
compressor is not activated if the actual temperature is less
than the set temperature + 0.5k. The thermal gradient can be
simultaneously digitally displayed on the computer monitor
by entering the respective command if so required.
The HEATER, COMPR and INTERNAL PUMP lights extinguish when the set temperature has been reached and the
READY light and EXTERNAL PUMP light illuminate. This
signals the pumping of the temperature controlled water
from the water bath into the external closed system.
After the water bath has emptied, the filling and approximate
temperature setting procedure is restarted and the whole