ASM Operating Software
22
command sequence.
– ”OKE”, ”CKE” and ”KE” (identical to: ”PEE”, ”PEA” and
”PE”)
These commands are used to trigger the exterior circuit. In this connection it should be noted that when
opening the circuit, the valve is triggered first and the
pump switched on approximately 2 seconds later. On
closing, the pump is switched off first and the valve
closed after approximately 2 seconds. This prevents
the pump from working against a closed valve.
– ”OVE”, ”CVE” and ”VE”
These commands control the external valve.
”OVE<CR> ” simply opens the external valve. In order
to avoid a situation where the pump is working against
a closed valve, ”CVE<CR>” first switches off the pump
and turns off the valve approximately 2 seconds later.
– ”HSE”, ”HSA” and ”HS”
These commands activate the main contactor. All functions which are monitored by the safety circuit can only
be carried out by software commands if the main contactor has released (and there is a linkage between the
hard- and software).
– ”PIE”, ”PIA” and ”PI”
These commands are used to operate the circulation
pumps in the circulator. They are identical to the control
commands for the main contactor.
– XDN”, ”XDA”, ”DIF”, ”SUM”, ”GR”, ”IA”, ”IN” and ”Y”
It is possible to display the control variables when calculating the correcting variable Y, by using these commands. ”Y<CR>” on its own displays two correcting
variables for triggering the heating . The first value is
the calculated correcting variable plus operational
sign. The second value is the standardized correcting
value (0% . . . 100%) for the heating interval.
– ”R”
The module displays a malfunction when this command is used. It tries to input a non-existent temperature sensor.
– ”E1”, ”E10R”, ”E2” and ”E3”
These commands cause the measuring variables to be
inputted as voltage levels. The corresponding measuring values (flow rate, temperature) can be calculated,
if these values are used within the correct formulas
(see command list).